Hi everyone.
In this video we will learn the shorthand.
If.
If you have only one statement to execute, you can put it on the same line as the if statement like
in this example.
Also, we have a shorthand for if else statement.
If you have only one statement to execute, one for if and one for else, you can put it all on the
same line.
Print A if A is greater than b else, print b.
This technique is known as ternary operators or conditional expression.
You can also have multiple else statements on the same line, like in this example.
Let's execute some code.
The first example is the shorthand of if.
If A is greater than B, print this line.
There is no thing in the console.
Why?
Because A is not greater than B.
In the second example, we have a shorthand for the if else statement.
Let's execute the code.
The result is.
B print a if a is greater than b else print b.
Like we said, this technique is known as ternary operators.
And let's let's execute the last example.
We have three conditions.
The first if A is greater than B will print a.
Else we will print equal.
If a equal b, else we will print b.
Why this is the result.
Let's understand this expression.
If A is greater than B, in this case A is not greater than B, we cannot print A, we will pass to
the second part.
If A is equal to b, we will print equal and this is not the case.
What will be the result?
It will be b and this is the output.
Let's update the code and execute again.
We will make a equal b.
In this case the result it will be equal.
A is not greater than b.
We cannot print a else.
If a equal to b print equal, else we will print b, in this case a equal to b, because a and b have
the same value, and we will print the equal in this case.